# Saket-Gattani
Passionate about Branding and Brand Management,Content Writing. Professionally dedicated and capable. Effectively handle an extensive variety of capacities utilizing a mix of innovative, hierarchical, and composing abilities. Keep up center in requesting workplaces, under due date and weight conditions. Address difficulties head-on and dependably figure out how to adequately total different assignments or undertakings. An Entrepreneurial Character- Leadership, Team Builder,Goal Oriented,Coordinator along with rich mix of Marketing and Communication skills.I believe in minimum use of all the available resources with a maximum output.  Area Of Expertise- Strong Project Management &amp; exceptional time management skill. Enthusiastic and creative; demonstrated ability to meet deadlines and objectives. Excellent organizational and communication talents; solid skills in improving productivity &amp; efficiency while reducing costs Presentations,Event Sponsorship(with big budget companies),Media Planning,Media Buying,Content Writing,Business Development,Advance Excel. Gained good knowledge,Public Relation, thought me how to maintain Media Relation i.e; coordinating with other Media Agencies., Press release.,ATL BTL and Digital Marketing  (PPC, SEO,Google Adwords,Mall Activition,Google Analytics,Facebook Ads,Twitter Ads,LinkedIn,Youtube and other websites.Currently looking for a position with an organization where I can utilize my existing skills set and knowledge to increase company profitability and learn more.  I like to travel, new places, I like to serve social networking, watch movies 🎥 , also like to write as well. and Love to COOK because its an stress busting therapy for me.  That all about me.......
